good morning and welcome to the Royal
Gorge Bridge and park we're here at the
grand opening of the soaring eagle
zipline
the Royal Gorge soaring eagle zipline
has the distinction of being the highest
decline in the world it takes you
soaring at over 30 miles an hour at
eleven hundred and twenty two feet above
the Arkansas River the views are
spectacular you're sure to enjoy your
time going 1400 feet round trip on the
soaring eagle zipline
construction started on the zip line in
March of 2012 and although it opened
about three weeks ago today is the
official grand opening in VIP day so
let's go check it out
this is my friend Emily and she has
nervously agreed to ride the zipline
with me are you excited yeah I'm excited
oh hi and they're going backwards oh
look at him go
I thought I'd be scared to death and I
was but I got over it
that was amazing I just soared over 30
miles an hour at eleven hundred and
twenty-two feet I definitely know why
they named it the soaring eagle zipline
it was great you definitely need to come
and travel
we're never schoolers with and after